Add Print Keywords command (#16438)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/user-extensions/syntax-extensions.rst

    :cmd:`Locate` for information on the definitions and scopes associated with
    a notation.

.. cmd:: Print Keywords

>    Prints the current reserved keywords, one per line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Prints the current keywords, one per line.  Keywords cannot be used as identifiers.
```

The current description doesn't use "reserved"; it's simpler just to state the limitation.
And hyperlink to `basic.rst` "Keywords" title.

Maybe state what actions can change the list of keywords (eg loading a plugin).

Also would be nice to mention when the command is helpful (use cases, e.g. when you're picking an identifier).
